docs: Specify that exposing Gatus through a subpath is not supported (#507)
TwiN/gatus: README.md

web:
  port: ${PORT}
```

> ### Exposing Gatus UI on a custom URL.
> 
> Currently, you can expose the Gatus UI using a custom fully qualified domain name (FQDN) such as `status.example.org`. However, it does not support path-based routing, which means you cannot access it through a URL like `example.org/status/`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Exposing Gatus UI on a custom URL.
Currently, you can expose the Gatus UI using a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) such as `status.example.org`. However, it does not support path-based routing, which means you cannot expose it through a URL like `example.org/status/`. 
```

> Currently, you can expose the Gatus UI using a custom fully qualified domain name (FQDN) such as `gatus.customdomain.com`. However, it does not support path-based routing, which means you cannot access it through a URL like `common.customdomain.com/gatus`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you can expose the Gatus UI using a custom fully qualified domain name (FQDN) such as `status.example.org`. However, it does not support path-based routing, which means you cannot access it through a URL like `example.org/status/`. 
```
